code guideline (#1949)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Guidelines

### Original code

> All added or edited code shall be own original work of the particular contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All added or edited code shall be the own original work of the particular contributor.
```

If you use come third-party implementation, all such blocks/functions/modules shall be properly referred and if possible also agreed by code's author. For example - `This code is inpired from http://...`.

> In case you adding new dependencies, make sure that they go well with the actual PyTorchLightning license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you adding new dependencies, make sure that they are compatible the actual PyTorch Lightning license (ie. dependencies should be _at least_ as permissive as the PyTorch Lightning license).
```
